Master-Bit Fantasy Console Cartridge Development Manual

All lua files made for use with Master-Bit should contain two user defined global functions, mbitSettings and mbitLoop.
mbitSettings gets called once by Master-Bit after loading the lua file and has no arguments or results.
mbitLoop gets called by Master-Bit's main loop, and gets passed user input as an integer argument and returns no result.
The current format of the input integer is to set each of the six least significant bits to 1 if its associated key is down.
The keys are c for the least significant bit, then z, up arrow, down arrow, left arrow, and right arrow.

The mbit lua library currently contains eight functions, listed below.

mbit.settitle( string )
Sets a line of up to 32 chars to be printed to the top center of the screen. Suggested to be used for program title.

mbit.setauthor( string )
Sets a line of up to 32 chars to be printed to the bottom center of the screen. Suggested to be used for author name.

mbit.setline( integer, integer, string )
Sets a line to be printed to one of three areas of the screen, in one of sixteen positions.
The first integer can be 0, 1, or 2. The second integer can be 0 through 15.
Area 0 is the left info area with a max string length of 14 chars.
Area 2 is the right info area with a max string length of 14 chars.
Area 1 is the play area with a max string length of 32 chars.
The play area is 320 by 320 pixels and is also used for graphics.

mbit.loadtiles( string )
Loads a png file with the filename given in the string to be used as background tiles.
Expected size is 320 by 320 pixels.

mbit.loadsprites ( string )
Loads a png file with the filename given in the string to be used as sprite frames.
Expected size is 320 by 320 pixels.

mbit.settile ( integer, integer )
Sets a background tile to a given tile from the png background tileset.
The first integer can be 0 - 255. The second integer is also 0 - 255.

mbit.setsprite ( integer, integer )
Sets a sprite to a given frame from the png sprite tileset.
The first integer can be 0 - 39. The second integer is 0 - 255.

mbit.movesprite ( integer, integer, integer )
Moves a sprite to given x and y coordinates.
The first integer can be 0 - 39. The second and third integers can be 0 - 300.
